>> Sean: So output, that's the second one.
And we all kind of understand IO,
and input output.
And so like the output is kind of like,
let's say you take that graph.
Now that webpack has this graph internally
in memory, it needs to actually
create the bundle and we even explored
kind of what the output looks like.
But the output here is really
talking about where and
how we're gonna name the file.
And as you dive deeper,
there are more configuration options for
just output here.
This is just one example.
And it's scratching the surface really.
But in this case, we're just providing
a path that we want it to go,
as well as a name for the bundle.
Now you saw in webpack 4, by default,
actually file name is set to main.js.
And the path is dist.
So this will create a bundle and
generate in a js folder called bundle.js.
But the high level idea is that the output
concept is really about telling Webpack
where and how to distribute these files.
We sometimes call them compilations
internally in our source code.
And it works directly
with the entry property.
And so, the next concept is something that
really stands apart from any other tool
that you probably used.
So loaders and rules.
So like the concept of what a rule is,
is that right now, or
at least just right up until webpack 4,
we have always treated every
dependency as a JavaScript module.
And so what we've kinda created in
the configuration here is like we're
defining rules for how we want to
treat files that are on JavaScript,
or how we wanna treat files that
match against one of these loaders.
So like in kind of our terminology,
we call this like a rule set.
And a rule set basically
has two minimum criteria.
One, which is, as webpack's
creating this dependency graph,
it's adding files to it, right?
And so if webpack comes across
something that matches one of these
regular expressions here,
this rules set basically says,
okay, apply this node module, which
is just a function behind the scenes.
And transform whatever file that
comes across, as it's being resolved.
And I'll show you in more detail how
this would work behind the scenes.
But essentially, what it's doing is it's
transforming files that are being added to
your dependency graph, and based on
one of the loaders that are provided.
So you can think, when you're adding a
different behavior to your configuration,
you're adding a rule set and applying
basically just a pattern to match.
You're pattern matching the extension and
applying a different
type of transform to it.
And this is a per file process.
So, it's not something
that just happens in bulk,
and there's a very specific reason for
that.
I tried to diagram it here, but
you can kind of think about it like this.
So, this is our same graph, but
you'll notice that each of these maybe
has a different behavior about it.
This entry file might be
importing a .ts file.
Well, webpack's not gonna understand
typescript out of the box,
and it would throw out errors
trying to parse that file.
And so what this ruleset does is,
it basically says any time
that you're trying to add
a dependency to the graph,
if it matches this extension,
apply this transform.
And so as it's going, it finds this
file is transformed to JavaScript,
it might also have dependency statements.
So as webpack continues to traverse,
it might come across
something like, I don't know,
has specific ES syntax.
And even though Webpack could parse this,
you probably don't support a specific
syntax in the browser, so
you'd wanna transform it.
So there is a very specific use case for
why we even use Babble.
And so we basically say,
any time we come across a JavaScript file,
apply this transformation to it.
So on a per file basis.
And in the same way, let's say this
dependency is importing a CSS file.
You can do that with webpack and
if that happens, it's going to once again
match against one of these rule sets and
apply a transformation.
And that's kind of what like
the rule set is at a top level.
And there are different types of features
that help you filter and include or
choose to ignore when you want
to transform a file or not.
There's things like include and
exclude which are like,
ignore any files that are coming
from the known modules folder.
Or let's say, use itself is where you
actually pass the loader
node module string.
And so you could choose to
do it conditionally, or
you can apply a chain of loaders.
Or you could say I want it enforce.
You could say I want this to run
before every other loader or
after every other loader.
So there's lots of different behaviors and
ways that you can configure.
But really this is the minimal,
like this is the minimum use.
>> Sean: And so
thereའs lots of different options and
they're really kind of
like used case based.
So knowing about them is helpful.
But you won't have to memorize
any of these specific properties.
I think I kinda used this example early
on where it was like, if I want to
import some of my tests but
I don't wanna actually import,
I don't wanna use them or
transform them In like production mode.
And so, I'll exclude any of my
spec files and things like that.
And that's kind of how include and
exclude might work.